README.md, before:

# Liquid Delegate

Liquid Delegate is a protocol to tokenize the delegation rights of your spot ERC721s, ERC20s, and ERC1155s.
Users deposit a spot asset and receive two tokens in return: the Delegate Token and the Principal Token. 
The Delegate Token represents the delegation (utility) rights for the chosen duration and the Principal Token represents the rights to claim the underlying escrowed asset at expiration.

## Contracts
Describes the upper-level contracts.

- [DelegateToken](./src/DelegateToken.sol): Manages the core delegate rights, stores the
  underlying NFTs and keeps track of expiries.
- [PrincipalToken](./src/PrincipalToken.sol): Keeps track of the principal owner.
- [WrapOfferer](./src/CreateOfferer.sol): Seaport contract offerer to allow for direct creation and
  sale of delegate tokens as part of an order with existing conduit approvals.

## Technical Details

### Principal-Delegate Token Duality

Unlike V1, Liquid Delegate V2 is a dual token system. Not only does V2 tokenize the delegation
rights as transferrable, tradeable ERC721 tokens but also tokenizes the right to withdraw the
underlying token once the rights expire. In V1 this right would remain fixed and assigned to the
original `depositor` until the claim expired. Tokenization of the "right to principal" allows for
the underlying token to still be traded, transferred and sold while the underlying token is locked
in the `DelegateToken` contract. The delegate rights tokens or just "delegate tokens" for short
are tracked in the `DelegateToken` contract and the principal rights tokens are tracked in the
`PrincipalToken` contract, together they'll be referred to as "rights tokens".

![Rights Lifecycle](assets/rights-lifecycle.svg)

Diagram: The state and transitions of a pair of rights.

> **WARNING:** The delegate token will be **force burned** when the principal holder redeems their
token after the rights expire. Make sure you only deposit your delegate token into secondary
contracts for the duration of the expiry to avoid certain protocol / lending positions that might
expect all deposited tokens to be transferrable.

### Supported Tokens ###

> **WARNING:** The protocol makes assumptions about the behavior of deposited tokens, so it's important to check that the token used for deposit is compatible.

At a minimum, when depositing a token with the `ERC721` type, the token contract:
- **MUST** conform to the EIP721 standard and have normal accounting and transfer behavior and no forced minting / burning.
- **MUST** revert if the contract is called with the EIP20 `allowance` interface.
- **MUST NOT** make external calls with the `onERC1155Received` interface.

At a minimum, when depositing a token with the `ERC20` type, the token contract:
- **MUST** conform to the EIP20 standard and have normal accounting and transfer behavior and no forced minting / burning.
- **MUST** revert if the contract is called with the EIP721 `ownerOf` interface.
- **MUST NOT** make external calls with the `onERC1155Received` interface.

At a minimum, when depositing a token with the `ERC1155` type, the token contract:
- **MUST** conform to the EIP1155 standard and have normal accounting and transfer behavior and no forced minting / burning.
- **MUST** revert if the contract is called with the EIP721 `ownerOf` interface.
- **MUST** revert if the contract is called with the EIP20 `allowance` interface.


### Seaport-based Rights Creation via [CreateOfferer](./src/CreateOfferer.sol)
The `CreateOfferer` contract is a Seaport "contract offerer" that facilitates the creation of V2
delegation rights directly via Seaport orders. This is done via the `CONTRACT` order type which
allows contracts to dynamically create orders on the fly based on arbitrary data via a standardized
interface.

Like any participant in a Seaport order contract offerers also have offers (items they give up) and
considerations (items they expect to receive / others to receive) for their orders to validated. The
core order generated by the `CreateOfferer` is very simple:

**Offer items (1):**
- A hash receipt that, on transfer by the seaport conduit during a seaport order, forces the creation of the dual delegate tokens.

**Consideration items (1):**
- The underlying token that will be used by `CreateOfferer` to create the corresponding dual delegate tokens by calling `DelegateToken`.

> **WARNING:** Orders should be carefully constructed to ensure they have the intended effect.

#### CreateOfferer hash
The `CreateOfferer` hash can be obtained by calling `calculateCreateOrderHash` by passing in three important parameters:
- `targetTokenReceiver` is the address that the `targetToken`, which is the principal or delegate token, should be sent to.
- `createOrderInfo` should be the the bytes abi encoding (not packed) of either the `ERC721Order`, `ERC20Order`, or `ERC1155Order` structs which contain important information about the `targetToken` for the `targetTokenReceiver`, the information about the expiry / underlying token to be used by `DelegateToken`.
- `tokenType` is the type of underlying token corresponding to the 721, 20, or 1155 type order.

Used correctly, the hash should enable the intent of `targetTokenReceiver` to receive either the principal or delegate token corresponding to a `DelegateToken` with `createOrderInfo` and underlying `tokenType` to be created during a seaport order.

#### CreateOffer context
As part of contract orders seaport allows the inclusion of additional 'context' data in the `extraData` field. For the
`CreateOfferer` contract the context contains the additional data that cannot be included in the contract offer and consideration data. In order for the contract order to execute correctly, the context must be abi encoded (un packed) with the `Context` struct in the `CreateOffererStructs` library.

See the [`./test/CreateOfferer.t.sol`](./test/CreateOfferer.t.sol) file for examples on how to use the
contract offerer.

Commit message:

Readme, hash conduit instead of mandated conduit

README.md, after:

# Liquid Delegate

Liquid Delegate is a protocol to tokenize the delegation rights of your spot ERC721s, ERC20s, and ERC1155s.
Users deposit a spot asset and receive two tokens in return: the Delegate Token and the Principal Token. 
The Delegate Token represents the delegation (utility) rights for the chosen duration and the Principal Token represents the rights to claim the underlying escrowed asset at expiration.

## Contracts
Describes the upper-level contracts.

- [DelegateToken](./src/DelegateToken.sol): Manages the core delegate rights, stores the
  underlying NFTs and keeps track of expiries.
- [PrincipalToken](./src/PrincipalToken.sol): Keeps track of the principal owner.
- [CreateOfferer](./src/CreateOfferer.sol): Seaport contract offerer to allow for direct creation and
  sale of delegate tokens as part of an order with existing conduit approvals.

## Technical Details

### Principal-Delegate Token Duality

Unlike V1, Liquid Delegate V2 is a dual token system. Not only does V2 tokenize the delegation
rights as transferrable, tradeable ERC721 tokens but also tokenizes the right to withdraw the
underlying token once the rights expire. In V1 this right would remain fixed and assigned to the
original `depositor` until the claim expired. Tokenization of the "right to principal" allows for
the underlying token to still be traded, transferred and sold while the underlying token is locked
in the `DelegateToken` contract. The delegate rights tokens or just "delegate tokens" for short
are tracked in the `DelegateToken` contract and the principal rights tokens are tracked in the
`PrincipalToken` contract, together they'll be referred to as "rights tokens".

![Rights Lifecycle](assets/rights-lifecycle.svg)

Diagram: The state and transitions of a pair of rights.

> **WARNING:** The delegate token will be **force burned** when the principal holder redeems their
token after the rights expire. Make sure you only deposit your delegate token into secondary
contracts for the duration of the expiry to avoid certain protocol / lending positions that might
expect all deposited tokens to be transferrable.

### Supported Tokens ###

> **WARNING:** The protocol makes assumptions about the behavior of deposited tokens, so it's important to check that the token used for deposit is compatible.

At a minimum, when depositing a token with the `ERC721` type, the token contract:
- **MUST** conform to the EIP721 standard and have normal accounting and transfer behavior and no forced minting / burning.
- **MUST** revert if the contract is called with the EIP20 `allowance` interface.
- **MUST NOT** make external calls with the `onERC1155Received` interface.

At a minimum, when depositing a token with the `ERC20` type, the token contract:
- **MUST** conform to the EIP20 standard and have normal accounting and transfer behavior and no forced minting / burning.
- **MUST** revert if the contract is called with the EIP721 `ownerOf` interface.
- **MUST NOT** make external calls with the `onERC1155Received` interface.

At a minimum, when depositing a token with the `ERC1155` type, the token contract:
- **MUST** conform to the EIP1155 standard and have normal accounting and transfer behavior and no forced minting / burning.
- **MUST** revert if the contract is called with the EIP721 `ownerOf` interface.
- **MUST** revert if the contract is called with the EIP20 `allowance` interface.


### Seaport-based Rights Creation via [CreateOfferer](./src/CreateOfferer.sol)
The `CreateOfferer` contract is a Seaport "contract offerer" that facilitates the creation of V2
delegation rights directly via Seaport orders. This is done via the `CONTRACT` order type which
allows contracts to dynamically create orders on the fly based on arbitrary data via a standardized
interface.

Like any participant in a Seaport order contract offerers also have offers (items they give up) and
considerations (items they expect to receive / others to receive) for their orders to validated. The
core order generated by the `CreateOfferer` is very simple:

**Offer items (1):**
- A hash receipt that, on transfer by the seaport conduit during a seaport order, forces the creation of the dual delegate tokens.

**Consideration items (1):**
- The underlying token that will be used by `CreateOfferer` to create the corresponding dual delegate tokens by calling `DelegateToken`.

> **WARNING:** Orders should be carefully constructed to ensure they have the intended effect.

#### CreateOfferer hash
The `CreateOfferer` hash can be obtained by calling `calculateCreateOrderHash` by passing in four important parameters:
- `targetTokenReceiver` is the address that the `targetToken`, which is the principal or delegate token, should be sent to.
- `conduit` is the address of the conduit you specify in your seaport order, which will call `transferFrom` on `CreateOfferer` to create the delegate tokens.
- `createOrderInfo` should be the the bytes abi encoding (not packed) of either the `ERC721Order`, `ERC20Order`, or `ERC1155Order` structs which contain important information about the `targetToken` for the `targetTokenReceiver`, the information about the expiry / underlying token to be used by `DelegateToken`.
- `tokenType` is the type of underlying token corresponding to the 721, 20, or 1155 type order.

Used correctly, the hash should enable the intent of `targetTokenReceiver` to receive either the principal or delegate token corresponding to a `DelegateToken` with `createOrderInfo` and underlying `tokenType` to be created during a seaport order.

#### CreateOffer context
As part of contract orders seaport allows the inclusion of additional 'context' data in the `extraData` field. For the
`CreateOfferer` contract the context contains the additional data that cannot be included in the contract offer and consideration data. In order for the contract order to execute correctly, the context must be abi encoded (un packed) with the `Context` struct in the `CreateOffererStructs` library.

See the [`./test/CreateOfferer.t.sol`](./test/CreateOfferer.t.sol) file for examples on how to use the
contract offerer.
